We're in prison
Need to survive 10 rounds and kill Hargol, the orc
Kobold named Kreek
Ogre is called Tiny

Mine isn't locked, bones  in the hay that i've been thrown on
leon isn't very helpful

keeps note for water drank.

Behind bookcase is a man with octopus for head (mindflayer)
Head is above water

Freed the mindflayer (thinks its nevrest patron)
Get magic item and equipment and lvl 4

----
Session 6
Gabriel: vampire Master


Swoop by by crow Lady Larrenhael
walking to the direction of the forest for the floor

---
Session 7
Meeting up at the city, meeting a female (bronze) Dragonborn with the crest of the city (warden), plate armour, shield on back and spear, head was guarded with a helmet. Stopping all of us. Stopping nevrest, Meirah. "Don't know how you make all the evidence disappear, but i have my eyes on you and your friends" 

Walking towards the edge of the forest (which takes a day). beautiful day. 

A woman Tabaxi screams, we see 4 guys that are harassing the lady.
People ran away noticing us, woman is beaten and harassed

We're attacking the bandits, 2 slept, they didn't want to stop. 1 Of the corpses combusted.
No clue about the combustions besides some normal stuff

Bandit has a note describing the tabaxi.

They touch their wrist, a tattoo moves up their arm, I cut of his arm, at the head. snake tattoo bites the other guy in the neck.
Barely alive, screams very much. Cauterizes the wound.

I read about a fail-safe tattoo that criminal organizations use, so no info gets out. Person taps it, and destroy the body. So they can't tell secrets. organizations 'pythons' that is good at killing for information.

Tabaxi is happy about life being saved, doesn't know them. Wants to visit her father at Gravesford. He has shop inside the city. Hasn't heard from him. Tries to find him. Marcus Silverstein. Travelling trader.
Ingredients shop for herbalist. Pear Silverstein, Wintermoon.

Nevrest casts suggestion, to ask who he is working for: "Alsira".
Intimidates the bandit, saying he has more limbs to cut off.

It was a job, hired to stop her from getting to the city.

Had nightmarish dreams, Kreek looks pale, didn't sleep.

after the night, we find the path of Grabiel, find a house. Nice white picket fence. Full of flowers.
House made of stone

Meirah says it's a night hag, a magic user.

Red flower, toxic flower.

Get magical bolts on me, when I teleport away. We are able to run away from the night hag.
We didn't make friends with the hag.

Doesn't have an explanation for the need of the flower, or knows about the python/snake

Hands me a light book, with 3 spells: See invisibility, create water and protection of good and evil.

Can't write em in my book yet, as i don't have material

-----

Note: 3 days ago. So in one week (6 more nights)

I can keep the book, but we're going to the unstoppable manticore.

Multiple doors, Meirah knocks on the door. Blue eyes open through the slit.

Lion race, fine robes. Scar over his eye. First room after the stairs. Called BlitzKreek.

2 Windows, night stand, first floor (not ground)

Bread and cheese together with Water. Mallec of Asher.

Meet Mallec Ashor Show Paladin Show He's Paladin Wizard In Towns unstoppable Mallec Manticore In Show Tarreton He Days Will Have Ticket Key Contest The Mallec Entrance Lady Lord

Slight glow on friends. Glow on innkeeper (arm's and back) Huge glow underneath the counter.

Behind the innkeeper, taller then him. Beneath Something he can grab easily, presumable.

Lady Ruth, ruler of Tarreton
Lady Larrenhael, The tea lady

Out of his tattoo manifests a real key. The lady 'waits for us in the cellar.

Beneath the counter is a magical glaive.

On the outside, double cellar doors. One of the barrels next to it has a keyhole. Stacked barrels (pyramid)

Two lady elves, meeting room.
One with a covered face, hood. One female elf with long dark hair and 2 daggers. Tense posture.

Dwarven brother is there. Hooded elf reveals herself as "Lady Maerwynn, baroness of ??" Know her as the ruler. Freedom and peace will need our help.

Leon bows. Baron got killed. Can't have an official investigation, but need our help.

Group of orcs invaded the castle, killing the whole family. No heir. Just the commander and chief Lord Saxton has temp rule over the country.

Never was a fan of the peace. And you can't really voice  it as it gets oppressed. No proof behind the possibility of coup. Leon and his company was sent away for training. From the baron.

Several people have been abducted, might be related. Can't sent army here. We could fight 'and have the skills'.

Nevrest has an 'itch' for people. Promises to help me get me in the academy.

We're unofficial agents, they have 5 platinum on her.

One of his new lieutenant took over Gravesford, small town. Seem to have some significance. Maybe we can find out about this person. Sir Pelliton is the lieutenant. One of three lieutenant.

Lady Ruth is another, and Sir Barlow. Were all (So is Pelliton) put in place after the death of the Baron.

We aren't the first group, we're the second one. Group of five. 

Durhelm Galatog - Human Paladin (order of the light seekers) (Independent pally order, diplomats/mediator in conflicts)

Alex Gaarder - Cleric. Friend and grave keeper of lady Maerwynn's family crypt.

Monthy Feather punch - Noble of Terrace

Bree Copperkettle - Street smart halfling. 

Hjaldar - Dwarf fighter

We can write / contact the innkeeper. Lincoln (The Lionel)

Runes starts to glow.
Dwarf & Lady were Glowing. Dwarf has book that glow magic. Daggers of the rogue are glowing.

LEVEL UP: Can still add 2 spells!

------

We enter the shop fo the trading traveller (Marcus Silverstyn, the father of wintermoon)
We smell iron & copper.

we found a corpse, with 5 stab wounds.
the warden comes in, and spot Nevrest and Meirah. I was able to hide.

We were able to convince her we weren't the criminals, they still wanted to question us. they also found the note how we got to the lady from Meirah.

We drink some no-no juice and we're being questioned. The paper of Wintermoon was with disappearing ink. The no-no juice is the special tea, to tell The truth. Thea Sicarias.

The teapot: very fine, well crafted 'can' with a floral design, Blue tea.

-----

Kreek (lvl 3 fighter) comes back with a nice leather armour made by Leon.

Nevrest doesn't want to go to HTS Pony.

Henry Morren, 
Tha’dad Earthfinger
Stod Pairhoof

from HTS Ponies, but Henry is a 'thief' and a 'thug' according to Nevrest, that would have killed Nevrest sister and husband (Anton). Everyone but Clara perished in the fire, giving the Nevrest company to Henry. Thomas Nevrest confronted Henry, and he swum with sharks.

The fire happened some years ago. 