Gliket log

Tries to get back to his family.

Glom, the sole survivor of the goblin bazar massacre, tinkerer. Made a promise that she will make 2 not functional machines. They're able to purchase any magical item.

Third machine convert items into currency.

2 locations not explored, found hallway to level 3.

---

When we wake up, in the morning. We're woken up to sponsor. Githyanki knigh is already on his way, if mindflayer infestation.

The bazaar is up and running for, an unknown time. Time passes differently.

Mindflayer rumour: deep deep down, 'deep down' sea (c?) deeps. shipwrecked ship, not a normal ship. A flying ship (of a mindflayer?). Take you beyond the stars and to worlds you cannot imagine?

Want to take Glom with. Family of Glom is dead. Nightsky is on a treasure hunt.

---

Glom realized i was from another plane. Noticing different features. Glom talks to the wall, and talks lower when she sees me. Having a conversation and asking questions to herself and seemingly getting answers.

Not scared, but eager an inquisitive.

She says she 'remembered' that someone mentioned 'level 17'. If we would make it, we can start up the ship again, with 'magic'.

Glom has new project after these 2 machines. to 'help us on our way'. a 'portal' to come back.

Need an 'archway' to get back. But we need to speak the correct keyword. When we find a mirror, doorway or anything. Do bring it back.

---

Door with stone tentacles emits red light. In the slope ceilings are crystals emitting the light. carves of dwarves hard at work, mining, ores etc.. but they have defaced. tentacles of stone are moving.

Westwards, towards the end is a corridor turning south (left), with double doors (top).

2 armoured dwarves with stone beards 'guarding' the door.

small door gets opened slowly and quietly. We see: A toilet.

4 white marbled pillars, statues with statues of an elf. galloping unicorns and bronze. metal clacking on stone. face, wings, legs.

marchers counterclockwise, in a circle.

The automaton cries black ooze, can't dig it. was following directive 'Halastron'. Revived Halastron with 120 coins.

Directive: Remember name, Defend himself, Defend the statues, Walk counter clockwise around statues.

Will find happiness in 'finding/returning home', ' helping others, 'stopping the carnage'.

Those are the caryatids of restorations (monument) Statues turn stone to flesh.

Use command phrase to use the magic: Touch statue 'Elf magic'

one of the frogs was kind of apathetic

----
19/01/2023

Sponsor: Music floating in our mind: sorrowful score performed on a piano. The environment becomes darkness, with a portrait of a plain woman dressed in yellow and blue robes (wizard) with a sly smile. "Oh Jhesiyra, where could you have gone, my precious pupil. Why would you forsake us, me, why why, answer, answer me. (The corridor trembles) go, go on treacherous **. (glint of steel flashing in the darkness with liquid hearing drip (we're in a dark pool)) portrait fell on the ground. woman is gone. blood in our veins are filled with rage.

The stone went from a 'smile' to a proper angry facial expression. No sponsor.

The other stones haven't changed. only Halastar.

We all rolled terribly with con save and got exhausted. Lulu tries to talk telepathically.

we activated it with halastars pillar in it, lights up and mouth starts moving. says "fools". Only a gooey soup of meat.

Fog can sometimes do the other thing.

dozen sarcaopha with rubble. all over the dusty chamber. once carved with woodland scenes
we sneak past the owlbears to another room with 3 *** and a lot of dust. Not walked in for a long time.

